But you didn't want to answer me if you
propose yourself as a candidate I'll answer you if they
pay me the same as Carmen I'll go Of course
if they pay Carmen the same I'll
go too look I'm completely anti
survivors in the sense that I would
n't do that
this is a joke this is a
joke but you'll see where it comes out that's
your condition is no That's it that's your
cond I do the maximum like Carmen I don't
get off The Boat the same conditions
are the same conditions and I steal And on
top of that I come with a
reg saying one thing moment moment
silence earpiece attentive eh tell me David
Look me in the eyes they're telling me
of course I didn't count on I didn't count on this
offer it's brutal the moment brut
Carmen's cache borrego is yours if you're going to
compete survivor take a lie